https://www.ugent.be/ea/en/education/master-dissertation

1. Title page

Het titelblad wordt automatisch gegenereerd vanuit Plato op basis van de taal van de
masterproef (zie voorbeeld op einde van dit document). De kaft (indien de masterproef als
leesversie wordt ingediend op papier) vermeldt dezelfde informatie als het titelblad.

3. Preface/foreword (acknowledgements) with permission for use on loan
 Contains:
   Acknowledgments
   Usage
   Source code

Indien een persoon/personen verschillend van de promotor van de masterproef als dagelijks
begeleider(s) van het werk is/zijn opgetreden of in belangrijke mate leidinggevend is/zijn
geweest, wordt/worden deze zeker vermeld in het dankwoord.
De volgende toelating tot bruikleen wordt opgenomen in elke masterproef, ook wanneer deze
vertrouwelijke informatie bevat.

4. Remark on the master’s dissertation and the oral presentation

This master's dissertation is part of an exam. Any comments formulated by the
assessment committee during the oral presentation of the master's dissertation are
not included in this text.

5. Abstract and possibly key word

The abstract is maximum one page and contains at least the following:
• The information from the title page (in a format of one’s own);
• A brief description of the dissertation (fifteen to twenty lines);
• Possibly three to five well-chosen keywords that describe the topic best.

6. Extended Abstract
(only English required)
The extended abstract has a standard length of minimum 2 and maximum 6 pages.
Guidelines relating to the format, appearance, the structure and other similar aspects of the
master’s dissertation are available in a document on the FEA website.

7. Contents
The table of contents lists the titles and the starting pages of the chapters, annexes,
bibliography, list of references, etc … , and the most important subdivisions.

8. List of figutes
   List of tables
   Listings

Charts and tables are either inserted in the text itself or are grouped in an annex.
Plans are folded to DIN A4 size and attached to the dissertation. If they are too voluminous
they can be grouped in a separate volume in the same format. The separate volumes then
carry on their cover and title pages the indication Volume I, Volume II.
It is not recommended to provide more than 2 volumes.
Each chart or table is given a number that can be used in the text to refer to it in an
unambiguous way. A short subtitle for the chart or table is strongly recommended


9. List of abbreviations and symbols
	contains:
	Acronyms

Uncommon or specific abbreviations or symbols are included in a list of abbreviations and
symbols. This list is optional and is only added if necessary.

10 Text:

The chapters are numbered using Arabic numerals. If the dissertation starts with an
introduction, this is considered to be chapter 1.
The chapters get a short title.
A summary of the results is provided in the last, possibly very short chapter.
The numbering of the pages starts with page 1 on the first page of chapter 1 and continues
until just before the blank page at the end of the dissertation. Optionally, the pages between
the title page and chapter 1 can be numbered using Roman numerals, but this is not
obligatory.

	Preface
	    introduction
	    problem statement
	    Research Question
	    hypotheses: we can do it without too large a cost
	    outline

	Semantic Web
	    RDF
	    SPARQL
	    Shape Descriptions (Do I mention ShEx?)
	    Endpoint / interface

	Query Engines ?

	Solid - LDP
	    Solid - WAC/ ACP ? I did look at it, but SGV does not touch it.
	    Solid Spec - Do I mention Solid Application Interoperability? It describes things like: Don't go to deep into your container structure. That's a peculiar claim, since SGV does encourage nesting. -> SGV could be used to generate multiple views though (requires top-level SGV) -> That would result in a view a user sees vs a interop compatible view.
	    LDP (Do I mention Tree/ LDES/ SPARQL endpoint as alternatives?)
	    type Index
	    Shape Tree
	    Solidbench ?

	Use Case: explain why industry needs this - stay critical: is this part of problem statement or not?

	Explain my work

	Implementation considerations

	Measurements
	    - Used chockepoints

	Future Work
	    Create views through SGV
	    i wonder whether smart ACP rules could be extracted from SGV views.
	    From these views, a server might be able to discover useful views.

	Conclusion

12. References

If ideas, words, sentences or charts are taken from someone else’s work and used or
paraphrased in the master’s dissertation, it is obliged by law to mention the original author: in
the text itself, immediately after the passage concerned, and in the reference list at the back
of the master’s dissertation.
Correct and complete references are extremely important and this should be taken into
account at the start of the implementation of the dissertation work. In doing so it can be
avoided that extra time and research is needed in order to complete the references when
finishing the dissertation.


As there are several styles for references (courantly used are APA and IEEE), each student
is advised to enquire with his/her supervisor which style is usual within the own discipline.
Online applications are often used such as My EndNote Web, LaTeX of BibTeX. Students
should choose a uniform style of reference.

Ordering the list of references can be done
- either in chronological order (the order as used in the text);
- or in alphabetical order by name of author.

13: Annexes

Extensive calculations that do not contain important intermediary results in themselves are
preferably brought together in annexes.
The annexes are numbered using capital letters: Annex A, B, C, …
In the main text of the master’s dissertation the final results of the calculations of the annexes
are referred to and discussed. It goes without saying that all annexes are properly referred
to
